#!/usr/bin/env python3

# adjective-noun
# Copyright (C) 2017-2021 Ryan Finnie
# SPDX-License-Identifier: MPL-2.0

# Do not use this to blindly generate identifiers for use.
# It is more likely to generate offensive combinations than you think.

import random


adjectives = """
able acceptable according accurate action active actual additional
administrative adult afraid after afternoon agent aggressive ago airline
alive all alone alternative amazing angry animal annual another anxious
any apart appropriate asleep automatic available aware away background
basic beautiful beginning best better big bitter boring born both brave
brief bright brilliant broad brown budget business busy calm capable
capital car careful certain chance character cheap chemical chicken
choice civil classic clean clear close cold comfortable commercial
common competitive complete complex comprehensive confident connect
conscious consistent constant content cool corner correct crazy creative
critical cultural curious current cute dangerous dark daughter day dead
dear decent deep dependent designer desperate different difficult direct
dirty distinct double downtown dramatic dress drunk dry due each east
eastern easy economy educational effective efficient either electrical
electronic embarrassed emergency emotional empty enough entire
environmental equal equivalent even evening every exact excellent
exciting existing expensive expert express extension external extra
extreme fair false familiar famous far fast fat federal feeling female
few final financial fine firm first fit flat foreign formal former
forward free frequent fresh friendly front full fun funny future game
general glad glass global gold good grand great green gross guilty happy
hard head healthy heavy helpful high his historical holiday home honest
horror hot hour house huge human hungry ideal ill illegal immediate
important impossible impressive incident independent individual
inevitable informal initial inner inside intelligent interesting
internal international joint junior just key kind kitchen known large
last late latter leading least leather left legal less level life little
live living local logical lonely long loose lost loud low lower lucky
mad main major male many massive master material maximum mean medical
medium mental middle minimum minor minute mission mobile money more most
mother motor mountain much narrow nasty national native natural nearby
neat necessary negative neither nervous new next nice no normal north
novel numerous objective obvious odd official ok old one only open
opening opposite ordinary original other otherwise outside over overall
own parking particular party past patient perfect period personal
physical plane plastic pleasant plenty plus political poor popular
positive possible potential powerful practical pregnant present pretend
pretty previous primary prior private prize professional proof proper
proud psychological public pure purple quick quiet rare raw ready real
realistic reasonable recent red regular relative relevant remarkable
remote representative resident responsible rich right rough round
routine royal sad safe salt same savings scared sea secret secure select
senior sensitive separate serious several severe sexual sharp short shot
sick signal significant silly silver similar simple single slight slow
small smart smooth soft solid some sorry south southern spare special
specialist specific spiritual square standard status still stock
straight strange street strict strong stupid subject substantial
successful such sudden sufficient suitable super sure suspicious sweet
swimming tall technical temporary terrible that then these thick thin
think this tight time tiny top total tough traditional training trick
true typical ugly unable unfair unhappy unique united unlikely unusual
upper upset upstairs used useful usual valuable various vast vegetable
visible visual warm waste weak weekly weird west western what which
white whole wide wild willing wine winter wise wonderful wooden work
working worth wrong yellow young
"""

nouns = """
ability accident activity actor ad addition administration advertising
advice affair agency agreement airport alcohol ambition analysis analyst
anxiety apartment appearance apple application appointment area argument
army arrival art article aspect assignment assistance assistant
association assumption atmosphere attention attitude audience awareness
baseball basis basket bath bathroom bedroom beer bird birthday blood
bonus boyfriend bread breath buyer cabinet camera cancer candidate
category celebration cell championship chapter charity cheek chemistry
chest child childhood chocolate church cigarette city classroom client
climate clothes coffee collection college combination committee
communication community comparison competition complaint computer
concept conclusion confusion connection consequence construction context
contract contribution control conversation cookie country county courage
cousin criticism currency customer dad data database dealer death debt
decision definition delivery department departure depression depth
description desk development device diamond difference difficulty dinner
direction director dirt disaster discussion disease disk distribution
drama drawer drawing driver ear economics editor education efficiency
effort election elevator emotion emphasis employee employer employment
energy engine engineering entertainment enthusiasm entry environment
equipment error establishment estate event exam examination excitement
explanation expression extent fact failure family farmer feedback
finding fishing flight food football fortune foundation freedom
friendship funeral garbage gate gene girl girlfriend goal government
grandmother grocery growth guest guidance guitar hair hall hat health
hearing heart height highway historian history homework honey hospital
hotel housing idea imagination importance impression improvement income
independence indication industry inflation information initiative injury
insect inspection inspector instance instruction insurance intention
interaction internet introduction investment judgment king knowledge lab
ladder lady lake language law leader leadership length library
literature location loss love magazine maintenance mall management
manager manufacturer map marketing marriage math meal meaning
measurement meat media medicine member membership memory menu message
method midnight mixture mode mom moment month mood movie mud music
nation nature negotiation news newspaper night obligation office
operation opinion opportunity orange organization outcome oven owner
painting paper passenger passion patience payment penalty people
percentage perception performance permission person personality
perspective philosophy phone photo physics piano pie pizza platform
player poem poet poetry police policy politics pollution population
possession possibility potato power preference preparation presence
presentation president priority problem procedure product profession
professor promotion property proposal protection psychology quality
quantity queen ratio reaction reading reality reception recipe
recognition recommendation recording reflection refrigerator region
relation relationship replacement republic reputation requirement
resolution resource response responsibility restaurant revenue
revolution river road role safety salad sample satisfaction scene
science secretary sector security selection series session setting shirt
shopping signature significance singer sir sister situation skill
society software solution son song soup speaker speech statement steak
storage story stranger strategy student studio success suggestion
supermarket surgery sympathy system tale tea teacher teaching technology
television temperature tennis tension thanks theory thing thought throat
tongue tooth topic town tradition trainer transportation truth two uncle
understanding union unit university user variation variety vehicle
version video village virus volume warning way weakness wealth wedding
week wife winner woman wood worker world writer writing year youth
"""

adjective_list = [x for x in adjectives.split() if x]
noun_list = [x for x in nouns.split() if x]
# print('{} adjectives, {} nouns'.format(len(adjective_list), len(noun_list)))
print('{} {}'.format(random.choice(adjective_list), random.choice(noun_list)))
